Update source.query.json-string.json (#79)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/source/query.adoc

    "TLD": null,
    "TLDT": null,
    "TLT": null,
    "TZDT": null,
    "TOT": null,
    "TD": null,
    "SP": null,
    "LB": null,
    "LI64": null,
    "LF64": null,
    "LS": null,
    "LTLD": null,
    "LTLDT": null,
    "LTLT": null,
    "LZDT": null,
    "LTOT": null,
    "LTD": null,
    "LSP": null
  },
  "surname": {
    "type": "S",
    "B": null,
    "I64": null,
    "F64": null,
    "S": "<surname>",
    "BA": null,
    "TLD": null,
    "TLDT": null,
    "TLT": null,
    "TZDT": null,
    "TOT": null,
    "TD": null,
    "SP": null,
    "LB": null,
    "LI64": null,
    "LF64": null,
    "LS": null,
    "LTLD": null,
    "LTLDT": null,
    "LTLT": null,
    "LZDT": null,
    "LTOT": null,
    "LTD": null,
    "LSP": null
  },
  "timestamp": {
    "type": "I64",
    "B": null,
    "I64": <timestamp>,
    "F64": null,
    "S": null,
    "BA": null,
    "TLD": null,
    "TLDT": null,
    "TLT": null,
    "TZDT": null,
    "TOT": null,
    "TD": null,
    "SP": null,
    "LB": null,
    "LI64": null,
    "LF64": null,
    "LS": null,
    "LTLD": null,
    "LTLDT": null,
    "LTLT": null,
    "LZDT": null,
    "LTOT": null,
    "LTD": null,
    "LSP": null
  }
}
----

> While the above serialized form of the change message is type safe, it might make the consumer side deserialization logic quite complex and not desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the above serialized form of the change message is forward compatible in terms of property type changes, it might make the consumer side deserialization logic quite complex and not desired.
```

not sure the rephrasing is better but I felt the initial version did not capture the compat enough :P

Reviewer: or maybe move that to the sentence before the snippet

> In this case, you can configure `neo4j.payload-mode` setting as `COMPACT` and change event messages will instead be structured as;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, you can configure `neo4j.payload-mode` setting as `COMPACT` so that change event messages will instead be structured as follows:
```
